what's up my friends kid file your car
Kristin with sweet life fitness not yet
today we're talking about the 21 day fix
Neil plan and I'm going to be asking
Kristin some questions now she's not for
21 day fix she's gotten some good
results and she's continuing her journey
so a lot of people who were thinking
about doing 21 day fix or you're already
part of a group and they're doing 21 in
fact he might have questions about this
nutrition guide and his meal plan so now
honestly looking at this at first glance
I see all these beautiful colored little
things like these containers to me that
looks I mean if I can only have one of
these a day that's like starvation or
like like before I know it I'm going to
like you know become a cannibal like I
get hungry Donnie right so here's the
deal with the you know does this really
mean like looking at this the first
glance to I am I am only allowed to how
many of these dead no okay so tell us
about that part of it like what what are
these containers for honestly so each
color is for a different food group for
your diet Purple's for your fruits
greens for your veggies that's for your
proteins your meat cottage cheese yogurt
yellows for your starches hit rice pasta
chips even things like that potatoes
blue is your healthy fats have a cottage
cheese hummus and some cashews and
that's arm just for your dressings and
they're nuts and then what's not
included but 90 97 people have it's a
spoon which is for your nut butters and
oils okay alright so I've been at least
that where I can have more than one
container dead which at least makes me
feel better what's the first step in the
mule fan like what do I need to do with
first one in your package once you get
you to get this awesome eating plan here
and then one of the first few pages it
has a calculator based on your current
weight to figure out how many calories
you need each day also includes a
calorie deficit in your plan and then
once you figure out your calories
there's an awesome little chart that
shows you how many of each container is
you can ed today and you can find more
that stuff including the calculator on
our page it's going on YouTube channel
hop over the page and you can calculate
that yourself now caveat concern honest
question were you when he calculated
your your calories was it higher than
you expected lower than you expected
what was the outcome of that I was a
little lower than I thought yes it's
nice because I tell you you should say
whether it's cozy you should eat a 2,000
calorie diet should be your average
right mine came out those 1700 hours
each day with that deficit in there
based on my way so what my day would
look like container lines based on my
1,700 calories I get to eat three
servings of fruit for veggies for
proteins three starches one helping that
one dressing for students through a
potent 44 can you have that like is that
space not the entire day can you have it
all on my meal like what's the deal with
you really want if you're going protein
happy they're healthy girl in one wheel
however it's feminine but yeah you can
eat them in any order you want all day
long and follows you
let's go at all is no calorie counting
which is awesome yeah so you don't under
what I when you just litter if it fixed
and it makes it looks great alright so
but the problem is is like this is small
to me ok ok I'm big on protein stuff
right now especially with what I'm doing
with my program my concern is is I like
advil chicken and how would i fit a
grilled chicken with a small thing let's
do it it ends up being that 44 ounces of
chicken and oh thanks Anna so you guys
did not benefit system here boy algebra
okay and alright so I gotta be honest
with you guys when it came down to
Kristen doing all these little funny
containers all that stuff she obviously
doesn't eat honey you don't you could if
you wanted to I guess but like you don't
yeah sure okay you dump it on a plate
and a lot of times I look at that and
I'm like okay so are you following the
21 day fix nutrition guide because it
just looks like a lot of food on your
plate and that's what I honestly that's
what I like about it makes me feel a
little bit better when we decided to get
this program and she decided to start
this I wasn't sure what to expect to be
honest with you so I watched from afar
I'm impressed I mean this just makes
life so much easier I mean honestly I
coming from the world of Catalan
calories and macros it just gets
frustrating the fact that this is a
nerve gas look type of thing that's
great and yeah you do be a good good
portion of food and it's pretty
impressive I wouldn't have expected that
now be honest so so what this program do
you get hungry no you don't get no
better wow if you eat right now thank
you so what do you mean by eating some
of my snacks are off like sometimes if I
just do like tortilla chips and salsa
which is a yellow and a purple which I
do about half a purple Monica lot of
salsa I'm hungry because that's not
really a filler local but if I do snacks
will say it like hummus and carrots
that's more what that one snack because
there's more
consistency to it and he bit through one
around 21 days so far so yeah completed
21 days what were your results are
performing last five and a half pounds
and seven inches Wow so does enter easy
okay well so obviously this thing works
you know geez right so if you're
interested 21 day fix or if you're
already doing 21 day fix we're here
about we have an entire community of
team sweet life fitness members here to
help you get the results you deserve cuz
you know honestly we love these things
these look ridiculous right and the
reason they do is because you don't know
what the heck you're doing right so
we're here to help if you're interested
in getting this program it's a really
good deal with now it's honestly and all
the other different programs that we
sell on sweet life fitness this is
probably the most cost effective one it
is only 21 days so it's not like you're
committed to like a lifelong journey I
obviously you want to make it a
lifestyle you don't want to just do 21
days and go back to even like garbage
because you're gonna put the weight back
on but you know at least you can finally
get results you're after you don't have
to worry about what the heck to eat cuz
it you literally plug and play literally
so cool makes it awesome and easy
absolutely so if you have questions
comment below if you're interested in
the program switch over to our website
and like I said we put into our private
accountability group we're here to help
you get the results you deserve so
that's it subscribe like comment will
answer your questions and most important
of an awesome awesome dick